README.md, before:

# Country-music-therapy

#### A web app to track information about meals eaten and display meals by date and/or caloric content.

#### By Molly McGlone, August 2016

## Description:

An Epicodus independent student project to practice building a modern Javascript app using the Ember JS framework.

Project Requirements:
* Create a question and answer message board where a user submits a question and other users can respond with answers.
* Questions should have the content of the question itself, an author and additional notes.
* Answers should have the content of the answer and the author.
* Include a header and/or navbar that appears on all pages containing the name of your site and a link to the home page.
* List all questions on the homepage, with only the question and the name of the author showing.
* Users should be able to click on a question to view additional information.
* Allow users to add and edit questions.
* Allow users to add answers to a question. Answers should be added and viewed on the same page as the question they respond to.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) (with NPM)
* [Bower](http://bower.io/)
* [Ember CLI](http://www.ember-cli.com/)
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/)

## Installation

* `git clone https://github.com/mollykmcglone/country-music-therapy.git`
* `cd country-music-therapy`
* `npm install`
* `bower install`
* `ember install ember-bootstrap`
* `ember install emberfire`

## Database

You will need to connect your app to a database on Firebase.
* Visit https://firebase.google.com/ and set up a free account (if needed)
* Choose "Create New Project" on the Firebase dashboard and name your project's database with the same name as your app
* From the Firebase console for your new project, click the "Add Firebase to your web app" button and copy the information that appears (apiKey, authoDomain, databaseURL, and storageBucket).
* Open your config/environment.js file and add the following inside the ENV section, using the info you copied from Firebase on the appropriate lines:
```
firebase: {
       apiKey: 'YOUR-API-KEY-HERE', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  authDomain: 'YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.firebaseapp.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  databaseURL: 'https://YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.firebaseio.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  storageBucket: 'YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.appspot.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
},
```   

## Running / Development

* Start the project with `ember server`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).


## Support and contact details

Please contact me with any questions, concerns, or ideas at mollykmcglone@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

* Ember JS
* npm
* Bower
* node.js
* HTML/CSS
* Bootstrap

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016  **Molly McGlone**

Commit message:

add about page and update README.md

README.md, after:

# Country-music-therapy

#### A web app to help people deal with their life challenges with the power of country music.

#### By Molly McGlone, August 2016

## Description:

An Epicodus independent student project to practice building a modern Javascript app using the Ember JS framework.

Project Requirements:
* Create a question and answer message board where a user submits a question and other users can respond with answers.
* Questions should have the content of the question itself, an author and additional notes.
* Answers should have the content of the answer and the author.
* Include a header and/or navbar that appears on all pages containing the name of your site and a link to the home page.
* List all questions on the homepage, with only the question and the name of the author showing.
* Users should be able to click on a question to view additional information.
* Allow users to add and edit questions.
* Allow users to add answers to a question. Answers should be added and viewed on the same page as the question they respond to.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

* [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) (with NPM)
* [Bower](http://bower.io/)
* [Ember CLI](http://www.ember-cli.com/)
* [PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/)

## Installation

* `git clone https://github.com/mollykmcglone/country-music-therapy.git`
* `cd country-music-therapy`
* `npm install`
* `bower install`
* `ember install ember-bootstrap`
* `ember install emberfire`

## Database

You will need to connect your app to a database on Firebase.
* Visit https://firebase.google.com/ and set up a free account (if needed)
* Choose "Create New Project" on the Firebase dashboard and name your project's database with the same name as your app
* From the Firebase console for your new project, click the "Add Firebase to your web app" button and copy the information that appears (apiKey, authoDomain, databaseURL, and storageBucket).
* Open your config/environment.js file and add the following inside the ENV section, using the info you copied from Firebase on the appropriate lines:
```
firebase: {
       apiKey: 'YOUR-API-KEY-HERE', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  authDomain: 'YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.firebaseapp.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  databaseURL: 'https://YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.firebaseio.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
  storageBucket: 'YOUR-FIREBASE-APP.appspot.com', # REPLACE INFO HERE
},
```   

## Running / Development

* Start the project with `ember server`
* Visit your app at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).


## Support and contact details

Please contact me with any questions, concerns, or ideas at mollykmcglone@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

* Ember JS
* npm
* Bower
* node.js
* HTML/CSS
* Bootstrap

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016  **Molly McGlone**
